a.) 
    maguire@linprog8.cs.fsu.edu:HW2/assignment2/docs>git push
    warning: push.default is unset; its implicit value is changing in
    Git 2.0 from 'matching' to 'simple'. To squelch this message
    and maintain the current behavior after the default changes, use:

      git config --global push.default matching

    To squelch this message and adopt the new behavior now, use:

      git config --global push.default simple

    See 'git help config' and search for 'push.default' for further information.
    (the 'simple' mode was introduced in Git 1.7.11. Use the similar mode
    'current' instead of 'simple' if you sometimes use older versions of Git)

    Username for 'https://github.com': MelanieMaguire
    Password for 'https://MelanieMaguire@github.com':
    Counting objects: 9, done.
    Delta compression using up to 56 threads.
    Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
    Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 877 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
    Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
    remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
    To https://github.com/MelanieMaguire/assignment2.git
       f4975e5..f6fee50  master -> master


b.)
    9 commits done to the repository (6 from Esteban, 3 from myself)
    Found using: "git shortlog"


c.)
    2019-09-25 18:13:30
    Found using: "git blame .gitignore"


d.)
    1. Allows for easier merging.  Multiple branches can be merged all 
       together at once
    2. Can build two independent features within a large app without 
       developers messing with the main code and features


e.)
    git status: used to view files in a commit that have been altered but not
                committed (staging area)
    git log: used to display commits and filter the results (full repo history)


f.)
    git log Vehicle.h


g.)
    git log --grep=file


h.)
    Inheritance:   parent class data is passed down (inherited) to child classes
		   i.e. class Circle has data inherited from class Shape such as
		        a Draw() function
    Polymorphism:  a child class can be a version of a parent class.
		   i.e. Circle is a Shape and can be defined as Shape
    Encapsulation: when data and methods are put in one place that work on 
		   that data in one unit
		   i.e. a class


i.)
    Integration Manager Workflow: gives every developed their own
    public repository.  Public repositories of each developer can push
    to a central integration manager which resolves conflicts between
    versions developers create which goes to a master repository 
    developers pull from.
    Dictator and Lieutenants model: allows developers to push to one 
    of many "lieutenants" resolving conflicts between developers' 
    versions, and then the lieutenants push to the dictator, which 
    pushes to the main repository which can be pulled by developers.


j.)
    They would benefit because there would be lieutenants to solve
    merges between certain team members and then the dictator can
    merge all changes accordingly. There wouldn't be massive merges
    from developers and having code overwritten/not pulled would be
    completely eliminated.
